[Uniswap V2 Pair](https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/master/contracts/UniswapV2Pair.sol#L159) The `swap()` function of the contract supports flash loans. The code related to the flash loan business is as follows:

```solidity
function swap(uint amount0Out, uint amount1Out, address to, bytes calldata data) external lock {
     // Other logic...

     // Optimistically send tokens to the address
     if (amount0Out > 0) _safeTransfer(_token0, to, amount0Out);
     if (amount1Out > 0) _safeTransfer(_token1, to, amount1Out);

     //Call the callback function uniswapV2Call of the to address
     if (data.length > 0) IUniswapV2Callee(to).uniswapV2Call(msg.sender, amount0Out, amount1Out, data);

     // Other logic...

     // Use the k=x*y formula to check whether the flash loan is returned successfully
     require(balance0Adjusted.mul(balance1Adjusted) >= uint(_reserve0).mul(_reserve1).mul(1000**2), 'UniswapV2: K');
}
```

In the `swap()` function:

1. First transfer the tokens in the pool to the `to` address optimistically.
2. If the length of `data` passed in is greater than `0`, the callback function `uniswapV2Call` of the `to` address will be called to execute the flash loan logic.
3. Finally, check whether the flash loan is returned successfully through `k=x*y`. If not, roll back the transaction.

Next, we complete the flash loan contract `UniswapV2Flashloan.sol`. We let it inherit `IUniswapV2Callee` and write the core logic of flash loan in the callback function `uniswapV2Call`.

The overall logic is very simple. In the flash loan function `flashloan()`, we borrow `WETH` from the `WETH-DAI` pool of Uniswap V2. After the flash loan is triggered, the callback function `uniswapV2Call` will be called by the Pair contract. We do not perform arbitrage and only return the flash loan after calculating the interest. The interest rate of Uniswap V2 flash loan is `0.3%` per transaction.

**Note**: The callback function must have permission control to ensure that only Uniswap's Pair contract can be called. Otherwise, all the funds in the contract will be stolen by hackers.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.20;

import "./Lib.sol";

// Uniswap V2 flash loan callback interface
interface IUniswapV2Callee {
    function uniswapV2Call(address sender, uint amount0, uint amount1, bytes calldata data) external;
}

// // Uniswap V2 Flash Loan Contract
contract UniswapV2Flashloan is IUniswapV2Callee {
    address private constant UNISWAP_V2_FACTORY =
        0x5C69bEe701ef814a2B6a3EDD4B1652CB9cc5aA6f;

    address private constant DAI = 0x6B175474E89094C44Da98b954EedeAC495271d0F;
    address private constant WETH = 0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2;

    IUniswapV2Factory private constant factory = IUniswapV2Factory(UNISWAP_V2_FACTORY);

    IERC20 private constant weth = IERC20(WETH);

    IUniswapV2Pair private immutable pair;

    constructor() {
        pair = IUniswapV2Pair(factory.getPair(DAI, WETH));
    }

// Flash loan function
     function flashloan(uint wethAmount) external {
         //The calldata length is greater than 1 to trigger the flash loan callback function
         bytes memory data = abi.encode(WETH, wethAmount);

         // amount0Out is the DAI to be borrowed, amount1Out is the WETH to be borrowed
         pair.swap(0, wethAmount, address(this), data);
     }

     // Flash loan callback function can only be called by the DAI/WETH pair contract
    function uniswapV2Call(
        address sender,
        uint amount0,
        uint amount1,
        bytes calldata data
    ) external {
// Confirm that the call is DAI/WETH pair contract
         address token0 = IUniswapV2Pair(msg.sender).token0(); // Get token0 address
         address token1 = IUniswapV2Pair(msg.sender).token1(); // Get token1 address
        assert(msg.sender == factory.getPair(token0, token1)); // ensure that msg.sender is a V2 pair

//Decode calldata
         (address tokenBorrow, uint256 wethAmount) = abi.decode(data, (address, uint256));

         // flashloan logic, omitted here
        require(tokenBorrow == WETH, "token borrow != WETH");

// Calculate flashloan fees
         // fee / (amount + fee) = 3/1000
         // Rounded up
         uint fee = (amount1 * 3) / 997 + 1;
         uint amountToRepay = amount1 + fee;

         //Repay flash loan
         weth.transfer(address(pair), amountToRepay);
     }
}
